## Welcome to Atmo Beta-2!

This release contains a number of highly requested features along with some big performance and internal architecture improvements which will further accelerate the pace at which Atmo can be developed.

### Notes:
- Atmo Beta-2 uses version 0.9.0 or higher of the Runnable API, you will need to update your Runnables to use this new version. Update Cargo.toml or Package.swift for each Runnable to use the new version and update your code to use the updated API methods.
- The `with` clause has been modified from an array of strings to a map, so you will need to update any `with` instances accordingly. For example: `-"user: userobject"` would become `user: userobject`.
- Subo Alpha-14 or above is required to build applications for Atmo Beta-2, please update the tool by following the install instructions from the [Subo readme](https://github.com/suborbital/subo) again.

Now, onto the fun stuff!

## Scheduled jobs
Atmo can now run scheduled background jobs! Using the new `schedules` section of the Directive, you can define several jobs to be run at an interval that you control. For example, cleanup tasks, scheduled reporting, and more work perfectly as background jobs. Schedules are a set of composed Runnables, exactly like the Atmo handlers you're used to building. You can use all of the state management and error handling tools available to handlers. You can read all about schedules in the [docs](https://atmo.suborbital.dev/usage/schedules).

## Error handling
The most requested feature from Beta-1 was the ability to return and handle errors from your Runnables! Runnables can now return an error (Swift support is coming soon), which is comprised of an error code and a message. When an error is returned from a Runnable in one of your handlers or schedules, it can be handled using the new `onErr` clause in the Directive. You can choose to `return` or `continue` for all errors returned by a Runnable (default behaviour is to `return`), or choose what to do based on error code (for example, `404: continue, 401: return`). Error handling is detailed in the [docs](https://atmo.suborbital.dev/usage/error-handling).

## ForEach steps
Until now, a `step` in your handlers could either be a single `fn` or a `group`. There is now a third type `forEach` which allows iterating over an array in state. You can use a `forEach` step to execute a Runnable against each element in a JSON array, which is extremely useful for performing batch operations, fanout operations, and more. You can read about forEach in the [docs](https://atmo.suborbital.dev/usage/foreach).

## Response headers and ContentType
Runnables can now set response headers using the `resp::set_header` API method, and the specific `resp::content_type` alias for setting Content-Type. This is extremely useful when serving static files such as `.js`, `.css`, and `.wasm`! Integrations with common web frameworks with static generation functionality will be coming soon, starting with the Yew framework for full-stack WebAssembly applications!

## Performance improvements
Atmo Beta-2 is running on the latest version of [Reactr](https://github.com/suborbital/reactr), which itself includes a whole host of performance improvements down to the lowest level, which is especially evident when working with large pieces of data.

## Operational improvements
You can now use environment variables to control more of Atmo's behaviour, such as log level, execution of schedules, and more. Read all about it in the [docs](https://atmo.suborbital.dev/usage/running-atmo).