## Welcome to Atmo Beta-4!
This is a packed release, so I'll get right to it:

## Go and Grain language support
Along with the newly released Reactr Beta-13, Atmo now has built-in support for Go (via the TinyGo toolchain) and Grain, which is an incredible WebAssembly-native language. These two languages enter preview in Beta-4 and join Atmo's existing support for Rust, AssemblyScript, and Swift. We're really excited to expand the types of languages you can use to build Atmo applications, and we're looking forward to bringing even more to you over the coming months such as JavaScript, Python, C/C++ and more.

## SQL Database capability
This is a big one! Atmo Beta-4 brings our first preview of SQL database support. This release supports MySQL and PostgreSQL databases, and is currently supported in the Rust API. We plan to support all languages in upcoming releases, but want to use this opportunity to test out Atmo's novel approach to connecting with databases and get your feedback. Database support means that we as a community can start building truly end-to-end systems with Atmo, because it can finally work with your data! While caches and static files are great, the good ol' SQL database is still one of the main ways that scalable systems are built. Check out the [docs](https://atmo.suborbital.dev) for full details and to try it out!

## Kafka / Redpanda stream support
Atmo Beta-3 brought us the new concept of `streams`, allowing Atmo to become a stream processor and connect with your existing messaging-based infrastructure using NATS. This release brings all of the same capabilities to those of us who power their apps with Kafka! You can handle Kafka streams using Atmo handlers, and pipe responses back out over Kafka as well, making Atmo a really great choice for asynchronous application design with a really powerful and flexible WebAssembly runtime. We have also fully tested this release with the popular Redpanda Kafka replacement, and are happy to report it works wonderfully.

## Hugely improved performance
We have two compounding performance improvements in Atmo Beta-4, the first comes from the internal Reactr scheduler which saw its own round of performance improvements in Beta-13, but Atmo itself has also improved how it handles requests internally, including much fewer JSON encode/decode events, which means your requests are handled with an order of magnitude less overhead than in previous releases. We have been performing systematic benchmark tests for the past few months, and we've seen Atmo handle some massive network load in production environments. This is something we're constantly improving upon, and this release especially has seen some great gains.

## And much more
Atmo Beta-4 also includes some small improvements such as a built-in health endpoint, and a new experimental 'proxy' mode that allows Atmo to act as a super-intelligent load balancer for constellations of [Sat](https://github.com/suborbital/sat) instances. One important thing to note is that Atmo Beta-4 no longer includes the `ForEach` handler step type. After speaking with users and looking at the complexity that feature brought to the platform, we decided that it made the most sense to focus on simplicty and remove it. Subo will give an error in projects that use `forEach` starting with its Beta-2 release.

**Atmo Beta-4 is based on Reactr Beta-13, which introduces internal breaking changes to the WebAssembly APIs. Please update all of your Runnables to use v0.13.0 of their respective APIs.**

That's all for now! Please visit the [docs](https://atmo.suborbital.dev) and give Atmo a try, we're really excited about this one.